Robots.
They were invented to simplify our lives, but quickly became high-maintenance appliances, draining our wallets and evolving into essentials we couldn’t live without. Daphne never owned a robot before purchasing a used cargo ship to start her new business. The robot, RUSTY, came with the ship. Abandoned eons ago by who knows who? Even the salesman had no idea RUSTY was tossed in a locker like a broken dishwasher. RUSTY had his charm, and it didn’t take long for him to grow on her. Now, here she was, back in the sub-level robot lab, getting RUSTY a badly needed tune up.
Benches lined the back wall, with hundreds of monitors facing all directions. Every one of those brightly lit, flat panels had fancy graphs, rotating diagrams, and scrolling text on them. A few of those displays looked familiar to Daphne, but others were beyond her comprehension. She suspected half of them were just to make the place look high-tech so the customer didn’t complain about the exorbitant cost of robot maintenance they perform.
Latching mechanisms secured RUSTY to the robot diagnostic station. The massive contraption at the end of the room consisted of tubes, cable assemblies, and boxy structures. The wires wrapped around to a hub, connecting everything to the monitoring equipment. Upon further inspection, Daphne noticed the apparatus contained hundreds of adjustment locations. Just fitting the thing to her robot probably took the technicians hours of labor. Or, she thought, maybe it automatically adjusted to fit the shape of a robot. She wished she could have seen the process, but customers weren’t allowed in until the setup was complete and the preliminary readout was ready.
The entire room smelled of new plastic with a hint of burned transistor. The burned smell probably came from RUSTY. She imagined a replaced component appearing on an itemized bill she received long after leaving the facility. The bill would likely span over a thousand lines, with item descriptions as vague as those on a medical bill. Each entry would list prices ranging from a few dollars to a few hundred—none significant enough to stand out, but collectively adding up to a hefty sum.
Daphne grew more cynical as time passed.
